Attachment A
Profile Set up 

Set up profile by August 25.

Start a profile in ArtsReady

Enter in at least 3 employees/users from your organization
List one each as the organization’s administrator, executive, and user

Do the ArtsReady Assessment (can wait until Sept 13)

With the aid of the other users assign and complete at least 2 To-do items that are listed under “People.” (can wait until Sept 13)

Select a second listing of To-dos from a “specialty” function and with the aid of the other users assign and complete at least 2 1. (can wait until Sept 13)

NOTE: To-do items can be completed and reported on throughout the testing cycle.

Upload at least 5 files to Critical Stuff when prompted by the “People” or specialty sections
Select 1 document to be visible on the executive level (confirm executive only visibility) (can wait until Sept 13)
Select 1 document to be visible on the private level (confirm all organization users have visibility) (can wait until Sept 13)
Share 1 document with the public (NOTE: This will be visible publically, even beyond the simulation; you can change the setting after the test if desired) (can wait until Sep 2)
Share one document with your Battle Buddy as follows…
San Francisco Ballet shares with Southern Rep only for Aug 25
Southern Rep shares with all Battle Buddies for Sep 2
Swine Palace and Ferst Center do not share with Battle Buddies

Build a Buddy Profile under Battle Buddies
List 2-3 available resources that your organization could offer someone else if they are experiencing a crisis

Become Battle Buddies in the method that follows…
Swine Palace, San Francisco Ballet, Southern Rep become Battle Buddies
Ferst Center and Southern Rep become Battle Buddies for Sep 2



Attachment B
Scenario 1 

A Quiet Storm (San Francisco Ballet Focused)

DATE: August 25, 2011

Roles-	Troubled Venue (San Francisco Ballet)
	Super Buddy (Southern Rep)
Waiting in the Wings (Swine Palace)
In the Dark (Ferst Center)

Preface all of your entries into ArtsReady with “Test”

Troubled Venue: You are experiencing a sensitive crisis! Log into ArtsReady and activate a Private Crisis notifying the Super Buddy only
Troubled Venue: Log a description of the issue onto the Crisis Console. 

Supper Buddy: Record the time and validate receipt of crisis notice in your email from Troubled Venue

In the Dark: Mid-day, confirm no notices through email and log into ArtsReady to confirm no visibility of a crisis from the Troubled Venue

Troubled Venue: Enter two needed resources through the Crisis Console.

Super Buddy: Log on to ArtsReady and respond to Troubled Venue’s message through “Lend a Hand”
Super Buddy: Access shared documents from Troubled Venue’s Critical Stuff
Super Buddy: Offer a resource for Troubled Venue’s first listed need

Troubled Venue: Invite Waiting in the Wings into crisis
Troubled Venue: Log a second description into the Crisis Console. 

Waiting in the Wings: Record the time and validate receipt of crisis notice in your email from Troubled Venue
Waiting in the Wings: Log on to ArtsReady and respond to Troubled Venue’s second message through “Lend a Hand”
Waiting in the Wings: Confirm visibility of Super Buddy’s activity
Waiting in the Wings: Respond to the second resource need

Troubled Venue: Confirm receipt of aid from Super Buddy and Waiting in the Wings, thank your Buddies, and close out of the crisis. 

In the Dark: At the end of the day, confirm no notices of the event. Log into ArtsReady and visit “Lend a Hand;” confirm no visibility of a crisis from the Troubled Venue

Later! Troubled Venue: Log back into ArtsReady; go to User settings; view the crisis in your backlog. 
￼

Attachment C
Scenario 2

Calling All Buddies (Southern Rep Focused)

DATE: August 30, 2011

Roles-	Troubled Venue (Southern Rep)
	Super Buddy (Swine Palace)
Waiting in the Wings (Ferst Center)
In the Dark (San Francisco Ballet)

Troubled Venue: You are having a crisis! Activate the Crisis Mode where you notify All Battle Buddies.
Troubled Venue: Add the description of your crisis onto the Crisis Console
Troubled Venue: Log two resource needs

Super Buddy, Waiting in the Wings: Confirm notice email receipts of crisis from Troubled Venue
In the Dark: Mid day confirms no receipt of email notices

Super Buddy: Log into ArtsReady and go to “Lend a Hand” page; confirm visibility of Troubled Venue’s crisis
Super Buddy: Write a response to Troubled Venue’s crisis description.
Super Buddy: Offer a resource for Troubled Venue’s first listed need
Super Buddy: Access Troubled Venue’s shared document

Waiting in the Wings: Log into ArtsReady and go to “Lend a Hand” page; confirm visibility of Troubled Venue’s crisis and Super Buddy’s aid offer
Waiting in the Wings: Offer a resource for Troubled Venue’s second need
Waiting in the Wings: Confirm access shared documents from Troubled Venue

In the Dark: Confirm no visibility of crisis activity in the Battle Buddy system.

Troubled Venue: Close out crisis

Later! Troubled Venue: Log back into ArtsReady; go to User settings; view the crisis in your backlog.